# License Terms
1. **Scope.** This license regulates your use of the eDIVA software.  
1. **License Grant:** CRG grants you a non-exclusive worldwide royalty-free perpetual right to install and use, copy and modify the eDIVA Software subject to the restrictions set out below 
3. **Redistribution:** you may not assign, sell, transfer, communicate or redistribute the software in any manner, but you may make your modifications available to third parties under the same license terms as these terms. We would appreciate you sending any modifications back to the CRG too. 
4. **License Restrictions and conditions.**
   a) You may only install and use the eDiVA Software for non-commercial academic/research purposes, and it may not be used for any diagnostic procedure.  
   b) You may not use the eDiVA Software to provide onwards services to third parties. 
   c) This CRG copyright notice and a reference to this license shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
5. **To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the eDiVa Software and any technology or access to the same that CRG supplies hereunder are provided “as is” and neither CRG, our employees, affiliates, researchers, suppliers, third-party information providers, licensors nor the like, make any warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality, or fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. 
There is no warranty that the Software will work uninterrupted or error free; nor any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the Software or as to the accuracy, reliability or content of any information or services contained in or provided through the Software. You agree not to hold us liable for the content or loss of any data transferred either to or from you or stored by you via the eDiVa Software.
This eDiVa Software is provided for free, for non-commercial academic/research purposes only. To the maximum extent permitted by mandatorily applicable law, CRG shall not be liable to you or any other person for any indirect or direct damages, including loss or profit or goodwill, loss of data, incorrect unverified results, or for any matter arising out of or relating to this agreement or its subject matter, whether such liability is asserted on the basis of contract, tort or otherwise. 
If you wish to use eDiVa Software for commercial/for-profit use, please contact CRG_BusinessInnovation@crg.eu to discuss licensing terms.**
6. **Open Source code.** EDIVA includes certain third party open source licensed code, which are licensed to you under the separate applicable open source license terms included with such open source software components. See notice below. 
7. **No support.** This License does not entitle you to receive from CRG, hard-copy documentation, technical support, maintenance, training, telephone assistance, or enhancements or updates to the Licensed Software 
8. **Jurisdiction.** This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Spain. With express waiver to any other jurisdiction that may correspond to the Parties, any dispute or controversy in relation to, in connection with, or resulting from this Agreement which cannot be settled amicably shall be exclusively resolved by the courts of the city of Barcelona (Spain).

**En of License Terms**
